--- Baseline on logic and evidence based conclusions

If someone were to claim that a mythical creature, such as a unicorn, were 
to exist they would have to provide evidence for their claim. If they 
have never had any evidence for such a claim, and no one else has 
evidence for their claim, then it should be concluded with a high degree 
of confidence that unicorns, in fact, do not exist. We maintain this 
conclusion until evidence that does prove the existence of unicorns is 
presented to us. Then, after running experiments on this new evidence, we 
could, potentially, change our conclusion.

--- Claim of objects existing outside of experience

A core assumption we hold is that objects exist when they're not being 
experienced. This is a foundational assumption on which we build a large 
part of our reality. If an experiment were to be devised that proved, to 
our satisfaction, that objects do not exist outside of experience then 
one should deeply consider the implications of such a conclusion.

We know that objects exist within our experience because we can 
experience them. We can also have repeat experiences of them and achieve 
similar results. For example, one can open one's eyes, see an object, 
close one's eyes, not see the object, and then reopen one's eyes and 
repeat the experiment while achieving similar results.

To claim that an object exists outside of our experience would require 
similar evidence. But is this kind of evidence actually possible? 
Suppose you were to experience seeing an object and then you set up a 
video recording device to capture the image of this object. You leave 
the location of the object for several moments while the recording 
device captures it's image and then you return to collect 
your results. After some time you play back the video of the object and 
examine your evidence. Yes, it appears as if the object was still there 
when you were not experiencing it for yourself but in reality all that 
is happening is a new experience of seeing is occuring of the video 
image. All we really have evidence for is that the video image exists 
within our experience in that moment; not that the object was still 
there when we were not experiencing it. The evidence itself requires 
experience to validate it's existence. Since no evidence can ever be 
verified without the use of experience then the existence of an object 
outside of experience can never be proven to be true.

--- Unfalsifiability

We can prove that objects exist within our experience but we can never 
devise an experiment to prove their existence outside of experience 
since it would require experience to validate the evidence. At that 
point the only thing we would be validating is the existence of the 
results of our experiment not the existence of an object outside our 
experience. In the scientific community this is called an unfalsifiable 
claim. A claim that can never be proven wrong. This should be concerning 
to us because if we've made a claim that can never be proven wrong how 
can that claim ever be challenged?

Some unfalsifibale claims can never be proven wrong but they can also 
never be proven true. For example, if someone were to claim that little 
creatures lived inside their stomachs that were so small that no 
scientific instrument currently existing or ever to exist could validate 
their existence. This claim can not be proven wrong because we will 
never have an instrument that can provide evidence for these 
creatures. But it has also never been proven to be true because no 
evidence for them has ever been provided.

The claim we are currently working with, objects only exist within our 
experience, can be proven true because we can repeatedly experience 
objects but can never be proven false. When this occurs we either have 
created a contradicting claim or we have to rethink our assumptions 
regarding the claim.

--- Properties of an object

For simplicity let us work with an object that can be exprienced through 
seeing; a visual object. A visual object has multiple properties: shape, 
color, reflectivity, etc. If we take any one of those properties, shape 
for example, and make the claim that shape only exists within the object 
we can prove that to be true because every time we see the object it's 
shape is evident. But we can't take the shape out of the object or 
produce a standalone shape without it being part of another object. Why 
is this? Because a shape is not an independent entity. A shape does not 
exist outside of an object. A shape is a property of an object. A shape 
is part of what makes up an object.

--- Properties of experience

What if we viewed our claim of objects not existing outside of 
experience in the same way? What if we what we call an object is just a 
property of experience? Let us use the word form as the name for this 
property as it can cover any number of experiences. A visual form has 
shape, color, reflectivity, etc. An auditory form has pitch, volume, 
tone, etc. If this was the case then our claim is very similar to the 
shape and object example. A shape cannot be found outside of an object 
just like an object cannot be found outside of an experience. This is 
because a shape is a property of an object and an object is a property 
of experience. If we realize that we were mistaken in our assumptions 
about the situation and shift our way of looking at the problem then our 
claim no longer becomes unfalsifiable.

--- Conclusions

If we were to conclude that no evidence can ever be provided of objects 
existing outside of our experience as any evidence provided requires 
experience to confirm it's existence then we should consider the 
ramifications of such a conclusion. Our current model of independent 
objects has served us for many years and it is very useful in the 
advancement of science and technology. But this doesn't necessarily mean 
it's an accurate representation of what's really happening. The new 
proposed model of there only being experience and no independent objects 
is just another model as well that is closer to reality than our old 
model. We should investigate it's ramifications and applications not 
only in science and technology but also in our daily lives and how 
things might change if we used this new view of the world.

--- Notes

Experience has 5 categorical properties which I will briefly list here.

1. Form
2. Feeling
3. Perception
4. Formation
5. Conciousness

